**Designing the first AI-powered feature** in the Sunday acquisition funnel—and thinking a lot about the balance between magic and friction. What will make customers confident in the output? At this point in our emerging AI landscape, for the average Joe too much magic might make them skeptical. Too much friction, they may bounce. Thankfully, I get to find out. That's what peak season is for.
**I can’t stop building AI-first products for every problem** I have in my life. I’m like a kid in a candy store. Finally my coding, design, and product expertise drive creation and iteration with real-world testing almost as fast as I have new problems to solve. And AI as a constant companion running inside each of these tools is making the impossible possible in so many ways. 
I hibernated for the winter, but now I’m back at it as a **community builder**, bringing together foodies to support the local restaurant scene (have you been to BearLeek yet?), and music lovers to support indie artists from Denver and beyond (next up, Bad Bad Not Good). Great because the insider group needs more fresh blood to fuel the game nights, birthday parties, pet group chats, and other real-friendship moments that have begun to emerge among former strangers.
**Reading novels faster than ever.** After a slump, slogging through dullard after dullard, I finally asked ChatGPT the obvious question: “Based on this list of my favorite and not so favorite books of all time, what should be on my reading list?” Nailed it.
Took a **creative writing workshop with Lighthouse** a couple of months ago—[check it out](https://lighthousewriters.org/)—now scraps of memory, stray speculation, addictive turns of phrase are just as likely to end up in a poem, short story, or essay as to fuel app ideas. PS: I’m completely hooked on using a fountain pen. Hello [TWSBI](https://www.twsbi.com/collections/fountain-pens) my love. Where have you been all my life? 
Listening to the **audiobook for The Dawn of Everything.** On my sunny, Denver walks around the park and through the back gate into the botanical gardens, I'm not smiling at strangers (though they think I am). I’m smirking at the wit of the writing and playful tone of my English narrator while I learn how misguided the mainstream myths of prehistoric (and more recently-historic) humanity have been. We have always been far smarter, more fascinating, and more complicated than we let ourselves believe
**Where I am:** Denver, CO. Even if I still miss NYC, Denver grows on me more every year. 
**Last updated:** 4/19/26
